Feat: Added Givetrack Solutions Page (#732)
rsksmart/devportal: solutions/givetrack.md

- [The Water Project](https://thewaterproject.org/), 
- [TECHO](https://www.techo.org/), 
- [Medic Mobile](https://medic.org/), 
- and more.

![Partner Logos](/assets/img/solutions/givetrack/givetrack-rsk-partner-logos.jpg)

Media coverage of BitGive:
Forbes, Entrepreneur, Wall Street Journal, US News and World Report, Non Profit Times, Inside Philanthropy, Chronicle of Philanthropy, and more.

![Media Outlets](/assets/img/solutions/givetrack/banner_media.jpg)

BitGive's founder has presented at several international conferences on the social impact of Bitcoin and Blockchain:

Now with GiveTrack on RSK, BitGive is strengthening its impact!

### Why use Givetrack on RSK?

- Rewards good actors in the nonprofit sector
- Educates donors about effective outcomes
- Identifies & avoids fraudulent activities along traditional paths

#### Features of Givetrack on RSK

- Blockchain technology: Givetrack allows donors to trace transactions on a public platform in real-time
- Donors can see how funds are spent and ensure they reach their final destination
- Project results are shared for direct engagement with donors

## Documentation

### For donors

> - [How to Donate](https://www.givetrack.org/howtodonate)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Donate to a project using GiveTrack on RSK](https://www.givetrack.org/howtodonate)
```

### For nonprofits

> #### How to set up a project using GiveTrack on RSK**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to set up a project using GiveTrack on RSK
```
